Defederation updates (#67)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/rules/0.index.md

### Defederation

We "defederate" vmst·io from other instances that are incompatible with our fundamental rules, in an effort to protect our users and limit our liability.
The decision to defederate can come from reports by our users but is also based on community discussion around such bad actors, including the perodic import of community maintained blocklists.
We would rather be proactive in blocking bad actors versus waiting for abuse to happen.

> We list all defederated instances at [vmst.io/about](https://vmst.io/about), but also periodically post the full listing in CSV format on our GitHub.

Author: The button below that has the link.

:button-link[Download Blocklist]{icon="mdi:file-download-outline" href="https://github.com/vmstan/vmstio/blob/main/domain_blocks.csv" blank}

The rationale for this is our regular listing includes domains that sometime contain offensive language or hosted illegal material, and are marked as sensitive.
Being posted in CSV allows other instance administrators to easily import our blocklist or compare it against their own.

#### Blocklist Imports

We believe community maintained blocklists serve an important purpose to help jumpstart the protection of users.

The foundation of our defederation list is the Oliphant Blocklist at Tier 0.

> We also incorporate the Tier 1 blocklist after careful review and application of our local whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also incorporate the [Tier 1 blocklist](https://codeberg.org/oliphant/blocklists/src/branch/main/blocklists/_unified_tier1_blocklist.csv) after careful review and application of our local whitelist.
```

> Concensus based lists should have a high number of members to prevent the decisions of one or two administrators from imposing their will on the rest of the Fediverse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consensus based lists should have a high number of members to prevent the decisions of one or two administrators from imposing their will on the rest of the Fediverse.
```

> Due to what we preceive as a high number of false positives in the Tier 2 list, with its low concensus threshold, we do not import at that tier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to what we perceive as a high number of false positives in the Tier 2 list, with its low consensus threshold, we do not import at that tier.
```

> As part of our import process we perform an activity check on the domain, and if the domain is not currently an ActivityPub endpoint, it is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our import process we perform an activity check on the domain.
If the domain is not currently an ActivityPub endpoint, it is ignored.
```

> We run this import process on a regular basis and should previously failed domains in the blocklist come back online, they are incorporated back into our defederation list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We run this import process on a regular basis.
If a previously failed domain in the blocklist come back online, they are incorporated back into our defederation list.
```
